fix(404): containers MTA-2340 (#936)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/containers/how-to/create-auth-token-from-console.mdx

<Message type="requirement">

  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)

>   - You have [created a containers namespace](/compute/containers/how-to/deploy-a-container/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have [created a containers namespace](/compute/containers/how-to/create-a-containers-namespace)
```
